CoevolveSynced (#315)
SciML/JumpProcesses.jl: docs/src/tutorials/discrete_stochastic_example.md

With the jumps defined, we can build a
[`DiscreteProblem`](https://docs.sciml.ai/DiffEqDocs/stable/types/discrete_types/).
Bounded `VariableRateJump`s over a `DiscreteProblem` can currently only be

> simulated with the `Coevolve` aggregators. Both aggregators requires a

Author: Done.

infection throughout the population.

Note that bounded `VariableRateJump`s over `DiscreteProblem`s can be quite
general. However, when handling rates that change according to an ODE/SDE
modified variable we will need a continuous integrator. One example is
discussed [below](@ref VariableRateJumpSect) in which we have a new reaction
added to the model with rate `p[2]*u[1]*u[4]` where `u[4]` is the solution of
an ODE. In such models, you will also need to be more careful in setting

> boundary conditions as they must be valid for the full coupled system's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rate bounds as they must be valid for the full coupled system's
```

infection throughout the population.

Note that bounded `VariableRateJump`s over `DiscreteProblem`s can be quite
general. However, when handling rates that change according to an ODE/SDE
modified variable we will need a continuous integrator as discussed
[below](@ref VariableRateJumpSect). One example of such a rate is
`p[2]*u[1]*u[4]` when `u[4]` is the solution of a continuous problem such as an

> ODE or SDE.

Author: Done.

plot(sol; label = ["S(t)" "I(t)" "R(t)" "u₄(t)"])
```

Note that in general, the ODE derivative `f(du, u, p, t)` could modify any

> element in `du` which the jump rate functios depend on. In this section, `f(du,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
element in `du` which the jump rate functions depend on. In this section, `f(du,
```

*Note that general `VariableRateJump`s require using a continuous problem, like
an ODE/SDE/DDE/DAE problem, and using floating point initial conditions.*

Alternatively, the case of bounded `VariableRateJump` requires some maths.
First, we need to obtain the upper bounds of `rate5` at time `t` given `u`.
Note that `rate5` evolves according to `u[4]` which is a separable first order
differential equation of the form ``x' = b - a x`` with general solution:

```math
x(t) = - \frac{e^{-a t - c_1 a}}{a} + \frac{b}{a}
```

This is bounded by ``b / a`` which is too high for our purposes since it would
lead to a high rate of rejection during sampling. However, since the function
is increasing we can compute the upper bound given an interval ``\Delta t``
as following:

```math

> \bar{x}(s) = x(t) \, e^{-a (t + \Delta t)} + \frac{b}{a} (1 - e^{- a (t + \Delta t)}) \text{ , } \forall s \in [t, t + \Delta t]

Author: Done.
